[Music]
[Applause]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film the caller
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
mary moves to an old apartment and hopes
to start a new life there
after getting a divorce from her husband
who used to resort to domestic violence
and abuse her during their marriage
but strange things happen on her very
first day in the apartment
she answers a call from a woman named
rose looking for her boyfriend
mary assumes that the girl is probably
the last tenant who lived there
after rose confirms the exact address
and phone number of that apartment
mary doesn't think much and hangs up the
phone since there is nothing she can do
to help
the next day rose calls again saying her
boyfriend just moves into the same
apartment
after he returns from the vietnam war
and he is going to propose to her
mary feels being fooled by the girl
corrects her that it should be the
afghanistan war
since its 2011 now meaning the vietnam
war finished 30 years ago
then she hears a sudden emotional
collapse from rose who hangs up the
phone immediately
mary feels very sorry about that and
decides to call back to make sure rose
is okay
but is surprised to find out the phone
fails to be connected
because it's a reported never existing
phone number
mary just treats it as a prank from her
dumbass ex-husband
who keeps interfering with her life
later rose calls again
informing that she has moved into the
same apartment with her boyfriend
and it is 1979 at her time
shaken by that unbelievable message mary
begins to wonder if they live in the
same apartment
but in different times and dimensions
due to some space-time errors
later mary follows rosa's instructions
and discovers a faded picture of a rose
on the wall
which makes mary believe that she's in
contact with a girl from the past
staying lonely in 1979 with no other
friends
rose calls mary very often and talks
about her unhappy life with her
boyfriend
who betrays her and keeps hunting
hormones from new girls
and what's worse he abuses her very
often
mary shows her much sympathy over the
same miseries she's experienced from her
ex-husband
out of anger mary tells rose
unintentionally that she should have
killed her boyfriend
the next day mary finds a new wall in
the basement out of nowhere
and later rose's call reveals that she
has built the wall
and hidden her boyfriend's dead body
inside after killing him
mary is terrified by that and pulls the
phone cable out immediately
deciding not to talk to rose anymore she
seals the basement door later
without reporting to the police because
she's too afraid to check what's hidden
behind the wall
and believes that nobody will believe
her insane story
mary applies for a french class later
under her therapist's advice
hoping to distract her stress from
recent incidents and her insane
ex-husband
who keeps stalking and monitoring her
later in the class
she meets a math teacher and falls in
love with him soon
the new relationship scares her
uninvited ex-husband away
and takes her out of the depression for
a while
later someday failing to call somebody
to fix the broken air conditioner via
her cell phone
mary plugs her phone cable back on but
never expects that rose's call comes in
soon
rose is very upset about mary for
avoiding her calls and threatens to hurt
the young mary and mary's mother
that she found in 1979 if her calls get
refused again
rose claims that thanks to the personal
information mary has told her previously
she's located the young mary and her
mother and sees them taking a photo in
front of a church
mary rushes to check an old picture
taken before the said church
and is horrified to find a vague figure
of a woman standing behind her in her
mom
later mary asked for some information
about the mysterious girl rose from an
old gardener
who has worked in the same community for
over 30 years
he recalls that a woman named rose did
live in the same apartment many years
ago
but later suffered depression from her
hormone hunter boyfriend
who constantly abused and threatened to
break up with her
until someday the boyfriend disappeared
suddenly and rose was later found
committing suicide
by hanging herself with a phone cable in
the apartment
feeling astonished mary tells the story
of rose to the math teacher
who however finds it hard to trust what
he's been told
he would rather blame that for another
prank from her ex-husband
mary however totally believes her time
and dimension crossing connection with
rose
and determines to protect the little
mary and her mother
with that in mind she later lies to rose
that she visited the old rose in a
nursing house
rose raises her interest and is eager to
know how she looks like in the future
mary lies further that the old rose
suffers a serious mental problem
and advises her not to be so big because
she shares responsibilities
for the bad relationship with her
boyfriend otherwise her boyfriend would
not want to leave her
rose is shocked to find that mary knows
more about her
and keeps asking mary who the rumor
teller is
instead of answering her question
directly mary just says she will visit
the old crazy rose tomorrow
and hangs up the next day rose calls
again to ask if there are any
differences in the old rose
which of course can't be answered by
mary
then following rose's instructions mary
digs out a bottle under a tree in the
backyard
which to her shock contains a severed
finger from rose
and a message slip explaining rose is
going to kill herself
after her cheating boyfriend's death but
she is infuriated by mary's lying about
her visits to the old rose in the future
so she plans to bust mary's lies first
because mary should notice the old
rose's lost finger
if she does visit her frightened by
rose's crazy actions
mary asks the math teacher to come over
who now believes it's not a prank
and later answers rose's call for mary
after calming mary down
rose hears about mary's math teacher
lover before and asks him to tell mary
that she's prepared another surprise for
her
and that all rumor tellers will suffer
punishments
mary gets rose's implication and goes to
see the gardener immediately
but only finds an unknown family living
inside
the woman claims that though she lives
there for a long time she has never
heard of any gardener
as described by mary mary realizes that
the so-called punishment is to kill the
gardener
as a result the gardener just entirely
disappears in the present time
the math teacher invites mary to his
place that night and suggests she should
move out of that cursed apartment to get
rid of the haunting rose
mary agrees and packs up her stuff the
next day waiting for the math teacher at
a park
where they are supposed to meet but he
never shows up
feeling on that time she visits his
parents later
who she met once before but now they
don't even recognize her at all
and just tell her where their little son
is buried
mary's horrified to find her lover's
tomb and cemetery
what's more a worker there even tells
her the so-called math teacher went
missing when he was very little
and his parents couldn't even find his
body back by far
in fear and despair while arriving home
mary knocks down
a big hole on the newly built basement
wall and discovers three dead bodies as
expected
they're rosa's dead boyfriend the
disappeared gardener
and her missing lover at his young age
rose calls that night
and admits having killed her young lover
she then introduces a new friend to mary
from the voice over the phone mary is
astonished to find that little girl is
exactly herself in the past
as a warning to mary rose pours some
boiling oil on the little mary
while hearing screams from that side
mary is horrified to find huge scary
scars
appearing suddenly from her shoulder to
belly mary realizes that she has to kill
rose to protect herself in the past
later she conducts some research for her
plan and waits for rosa's next call
where she tells rose nobody is willing
to play with the little mary
due to her scary scars so she hopes rose
can play bowling with her in a local
club
to celebrate her birthday october 16
hoping to see a big fire accident in the
club on the same day
which left no survivors according to the
news she found on the internet
rose is happy to offer that favor as she
knows mary
is under her control again while waiting
anxiously that night
an uninvited phone call just brings mary
into a nightmare
rose tells mary she missed a bus earlier
the day and couldn't make it to the
goddamn club
which however saves her from being
buried by the fire disaster
however realizing that mary tries to set
her up into a deadly accident
rose gives up her suicide plan and turns
to take revenge on the young and
innocent married
despite mary's begging rose to spare her
young self
then rose tells mary to welcome a coming
visitor at the door
who turns out to be the old rose coming
to kill the old mary in the present
world
2011 while concurrently the young rose
is about to kill the little mary in the
past world
of 1979. in the present world
mary takes a knife and locks herself in
a room
but the old rose chases tightly and
starts to break the wooden door outside
mary hides in panic
but stabs herself by mistake while the
little mary in the past world
asks for mary's help via the phone
telling that rose goes outside to grab
something
mary urges the little mary to run away
but it's too late
because rose on that side is coming back
soon and the old rose on this side
also seems to break through nearly right
at that critical moment
mary instead of asking the little mary
to escape
encourages the little mary to fight back
against the monster
shortly after the little mary takes
courage and kills rose in 1979
using a piece of the broken mirror which
makes the old rose disappear suddenly in
the world of 2011
right before she could reach and kill
mary
in the final scene mary stands up to her
ex-husband's endless stalking and
abusement
and only replies to him that it's his
last chance
later while humming a tune she learns
from rose mary is busy building a new
wall in the basement which is used to
bury her ex-husband's dead body
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out